1. Please write what the following stands for: GUI
Ans: Graphical User Interface

2. Please write what the following stands for: IT
Ans: Information Technology

3. Please write what the following stands for: CPU
Ans: Central Processing Unit

4. Please write what the following stands for: OS
Ans: Operating System

5. Please write what the following stands for: KB
Ans: KiloByte

6. Please write what the following stands for: GB
Ans: GigaByte

9. Please write what the following stands for: AI
Ans: Artificial Intelligence

102. Please write what the following stands for: OCR
Ans: Optical Character Recognition

107. Please write what the following stands for: LCD
Ans: Liquid Crystal Display

107. Please write what the following stands for: CRT
Ans: Cathode Ray Tube

107. Please write what the following stands for: CPU
Ans: Central Processing Unit

107. Please write what the following stands for: ROM
Ans: Read Only Memory

107. Please write what the following stands for: RAM
Ans: Random Access Memory

108. Please write what the following stands for: USB 
Ans: Universal Serial Bus

108. Please write what the following stands for: PDA
Ans: Personal Digital Assistant

102. Please write what the following stands for: IP
Ans: Internet Protocol

107. Please write what the following stands for: PCMCIA
Ans: Personal Memory Card International Association

107. Please write what the following stands for: DSL
Ans: Digital Subscriber Line

107. Please write what the following stands for: ISDN
Ans: Integrated Services Digital Network

107. Please write what the following stands for: ISP
Ans: Internet Service Provider

107. Please write what the following stands for: PDA
Ans: Personal Digital Assistant

108. Please write what the following stands for: URL
Ans: Uniform Resource Locator

108. Please write what the following stands for: HTTP
Ans: Hypertext Transfer Protocol

108. Please write what the following stands for: FTP
Ans: File Transfer Protocol

108. Please write what the following stands for: TLD
Ans: Top-Level Domain

108. Please write what the following stands for: B2C
Ans: Business-to-consumer

108. Please write what the following stands for: B2B
Ans: Business-to-business

108. Please write what the following stands for: C2C
Ans: Consumer-to-consumer

102. Please write what the following stands for: PIM
Ans: Personal Information Manager

107. Please write what the following stands for: DB
Ans: Database

107. Please write what the following stands for: GPS
Ans: Global Positioning System

107. Please write what the following stands for: CPU
Ans: Central Processing Unit

107. Please write what the following stands for: CAD
Ans: Computer-Aided Design

107. Please write what the following stands for: FAQ
Ans: Frequently Asked Questions

108. Please write what the following stands for: CRM
Ans: Customer Relationship Management

108. Please write what the following stands for: DTP
Ans: Desktop Publishing

1. Please write what the following stands for: RTOS
Ans: Real-Time Operating System

2. Please write what the following stands for: PnP
Ans: Plug and Play

3. Please write what the following stands for: BIOS
Ans: Basic Input/Output System

4. Please write what the following stands for: CRT
Ans: Cathode-Ray Tube

5. Please write what the following stands for: LCD
Ans: Liquid Crystal Display

6. Please write what the following stands for: POST
Ans: Power-on self-test

9. Please write what the following stands for: FAT
Ans: File Allocation Table